docs - embedding intro edits (#80109)
metabase/metabase: docs/embedding/introduction.md

Most people go with modular embedding, so you can integrate Metabase components into your app.

Whichever way you embed, you'll also pick how Metabase authenticates the people looking at it. Authentication is a setting on what you embed, not a different kind of embedding.

If you just want to share a chart or dashboard with anyone who has the link, and you don't need any authentication, take a look at [public links and embeds](#public-links-and-embeds).

## Modular embedding

With [modular embedding](./modular-embedding.md), you can embed individual Metabase [components](./components.md) in your web app: dashboards, questions, the query builder, AI chat, and a collection browser.

> When you set up a component, Metabase shows you an **Authentication** card where you pick:

Reviewer: ?????? what, where?

Reviewer: oh you mean in the wizard... this is super unclear since we're talking about embedding ingeneral and not setting up WC-based embedding through UI

> When you set up a component, Metabase shows you an **Authentication** card where you pick:

Author: ```suggestion
When you setting up an embed, you need to pick an authentication method:
```

- **Metabase account (SSO)**, for [components with SSO authentication](#components-with-sso-authentication)
- **Guest**, for [components with guest authentication](#components-with-guest-authentication)

The authentication method you choose determines what people can do (see the comparison below).

> You can only use one authentication method per page of your app. A single page can't mix a question that uses SSO with a question that uses guest authentication.

Reviewer: oh so you can't have 5 creators and 100 viewers after all ;)
